fix: move session type to request body (#34)
wherobots/wherobots-python-dbapi: README.md

    convenient for human inspection while still being usable by
    libraries like Shapely.
* `session_type`: `"single"` or `"multi"`; if set to `"single"`, then each call

>     to `connect()` establishes an exclusive connection to a Wherobots runtime;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to `connect()` establishes an exclusive connection to a distinct and dedicated Wherobots runtime;
```

    if set to "multi", then multiple `connect()` calls with the same arguments

>     and credentials will connect to the sameshared Wherobots runtime;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and credentials will connect to the same shared Wherobots runtime;
```
